Small-island freshwater lenses are particularly vulnerable to
Earlier circular-island analytical solutions did not jointly represent
A radially symmetric squared-head field h 2(r)
A Poisson equation containing a Dirac-delta sink at well coordinates
A logarithmic Green's-function head response that satisfies zero head
The multiple-well squared-head solution h 2(r, theta, R i, phi i)
Hydraulic head h from the positive square root of Equation 10
Sharp freshwater-saltwater interface depth z
Local derivative of interface depth with respect to pumping rate
Local derivative of interface depth with respect to recharge
Local derivative of interface depth with respect to island radius
Normalized pumping-rate vulnerability index
Normalized recharge vulnerability index
Normalized island-radius vulnerability index
Three spatial vulnerability distributions for pumping recharge and
A Green's-function integral for the squared-head field under
A 1295-element circular verification mesh with regularized internal
Numerical hydraulic-head field for the illustrative two-well island
Agreement between analytical and finite-element head fields
Equation 17 specialized to uniform recharge without pumping
Numerically evaluated generalized head profile for uniform recharge
Agreement with the Fetter radial head solution as the limiting case
Within the stated idealization, image-well Green's functions provide a